hello everyone this is Petra Butler now
I'm going to show you the Looney Tunes
come clutching the DVD sets and of
course later in this video I'm going to
show you my Garfield DVDs that I have
not shown you first I'm going to show
you the Looney Tunes going collection a
Tweenies plus the movie collection that
I got it
that's volume 1 of course which doesn't
show buying one even though it is
there's volume 1 you use my flashlight
here since kind of dark one I get closer
to the other ones as I am 3 there's a
little bit of Garfield is song is volume
3 of Looney Tunes going collection
course these are all four deaths except
from recollection that's the movie
collection there is buy-in for pulling
the toys bone collection pretty nice and
of course I showed you buying 501 my
left other videos because that's my and
5 now finally I'm going to show you the
Garfield ER while DVDs they're not DVD
sets they're just TV days there is the
one that you saw a little bit of it's
called this DVD is called Garfield as in
himself course this is the holiday
collections by the way these are all
each DVD includes three specials from TV
of Garfield rest of the holiday
collections now this is Garfield travel
adventures and finally
Garfield fantasies which was the last
one to be least I got the separate even
though there was a box set with at least
three of these DVDs except for the
holiday collections there was travel
adventures Garfield has himself and
fantasies of course you'll be able to
find that on DVD somewhere in your local
store the reason why I'm showing you
these Garfield DVDs is because I showed
Garfield and friends the DVD sets and of
course I couldn't find these took me a
while to find these and now I'm going to
join them to you now that is it and
hopefully I'll be showing you more box
sets as time goes on thank you very much
for watching this bye bye for now